I was single for 15 years until Rebecca and I started dating. She knows that and she knows that it was by choice because after a long history of relationships, a broken marriage, and several ex serious relationships including with Nadine – Lucy’s mom, I got fed up with compromising and I decided not to bother anymore. 8 years ago I tool my daughter Lucy, she was 9 years old then, to the cinema and while I was watching the film The Greatest Showman, I saw a woman appearing on screen wearing a white dress and singing. Even before I saw her face or her body I saw the vein in her neck which transformed be as a person: I started believing in beauty and in love again. I had my whole being changed from the man I was to a new person. I did not manage to see more than 20 seconds of her on screen and I lost all sense of time or space. That woman with the white dress was Rebecca that I did not know her name then but I only found her name much later, many weeks after that. One night I was in a work’s do in Richmond because this is where our headquarters were located and I had travelled from Leeds where I live to attend it and in the same restaurant Rebecca was having a meal. She was in a chair next to mine back to back. At some point I wanted to stand up and go out to get some fresh air and by accident I knocked her chair and the wine she was holding was spilled all over her. That incident was the starting point for us after a couple of weeks getting together. We now have a monogamous, exclusive, and important for both of us relationship and she moved in my house in Leeds to live together. The relationship as well as each other are important for us and without sacrificing our other aspects of our life we try to balance it all as all couples especially when it is a celebrity involved do. We do not have affairs or mess about with other people. I am 53 years old, I am only 166cm tall and 90kg and I have some issue with these two facts although Rebecca doesn’t like it that I do. She thinks that my height and weight do not matter because of the person I am. We have kept our relationship a secret so far but we do not want to keep limiting our freedom anymore so we are very close in deciding to reveal it. We live in a detached house in Cookridge, Leeds and the layout is:Ground Floor:Kitchen with dining areaA small toilet under the stepsA loungeA hallwayAn entrywayA door to the front gardenFirst Floor:Our bedroomA room that used to be my office but I convereted it to be her office to do work and read as well as use it as a sanctuary whenever she wantsA studio with all my guitars, music gear, and recording equipment that I now use as an office too since I work mostly from homeLucy’s room for whenever she comes to stay at mineA bathrrom with both a batj and a separate showerAn attic and a hallwayOutside:Garden in the frontGarden at the sideGarden at the back with a decking that we use for eating, sitting, and spending timeA double garageA drive wayI have a BA(Hons) in MultimediaAn MSc in Music TechnologyAn MBAAn ITIL Expert’s diplomaA diploma in CommunicationsI am a VP of SaaS and AI strategy at a software companyMy hobby, a bit more than a hobby really – my passion is playing the guitar and composing music. I gig some times with a couple of mates I have and we have a band. I play the blues and classic rock although I play other styles too. Mark Knopfler and BB King are my heroes. I also play chess, I am an intellectual, I philosophise, I am witty, and funny too.  